README.md, before:

# oop-workshop

David Takac
Samuel Toman
Adam Kondrcik

| Functional Requirement                                       | Description                                                                 |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **1. List media items**                                       | Display a list of items.                                                    |
| **2. Sort media items**                                       | Sort items by a category/logic.                                             |
| **3. Categorize media items**                                 | Items must be sorted into defined categories.                               |
| **4. Allow user to download items**                           | User must be able to download items.                                        |
| **5. Allow user who downloaded an item to rate it**           | User must be able to rate downloaded items.                                 |
| **6. Allow user to borrow media items**                       | User must be able to borrow media items.                                    |
| **7. Support three categories of users**                      | System must support 3 categories of user: Borrower, Employee, Admin.        |
| **8. Allow user to identify themselves**                      | The system must ask user to identify themselves (name, age, and SSN).      |
| **9. Allow management of items and users for select category**| Depending upon the type of user, user must be able to manage media items and users. |

Commit message:

Readme
Updated requirement descriptions for clarity.

README.md, after:

# oop-workshop

David Takac
Samuel Toman
Adam Kondrcik

| Functional Requirement                                       | Description                                                                 |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **1. List media items**                                       | Display a list of items.                                                    |
| **2. Sort media items**                                       | Sort items by a category/logic.                                             |
| **3. Categorize media items**                                 | Items must be sorted into defined categories.                               |
| **4. Allow user to download items**                           | User must be able to download items.                                        |
| **5. Allow user who downloaded an item to rate it**           | User must be able to rate downloaded items.                                 |
| **6. Allow user to borrow media items**                       | User must be able to borrow media items.                                    |
| **7. Support three categories of users**                      | System must support 3 categories of user: Borrower, Employee, Admin.        |
| **8. Allow user to identify themselves**                      | The system must ask user to identify themselves (name, age, and social security number).      |
| **9. Allow management of items and users for select category of user**| Depending upon the type of user, user must be able to manage media items and users. |

| Non-Functional Requirement                                    | Description                                                                 |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **1. Capacity**                                                | The system must allow for storage of hundreds of items.                     |
| **2. Performance**                                             | The system must be performant.                                              |
| **3. Scalability**                                             | The system must support easy addition of new user roles and media types.    |
| **4. Security**                                                | The system must be secure.                                                  |
| **5. Usability**                                               | The system must guide the user with easy to understand instructions and verify inputs. |
| **6. Maintainability**                                         | The system must be easy to maintain.                                        |
